- [Instructor] In order to persist entities
within our application,
we'll need to work within EntityManager.
The EntityManager exposes operations
that allows us to perform CRUD operations
against our data store.
We're going to be working with the EntityManager
within our EJB.
So here we have the Catalog EJB we created
and you'll see right now,
it's pretty much using this list for persistence.
We're going to change that in this lesson.
So the first thing that we're going to do
is inject our EntityManager
using the PersistenceContext annotation.
And we apply that to a field of type EntityManager
and that will cause the container to inject an EntityManager
that we can use for performing persistence operations.
Now, you'll notice we have our two methods.
One gets the items,
the other adds an item.
So let's first add the logic to pull all
of our CatalogItems using the EntityManager.
And to do that, we use the createQuery method
on the EntityManager
and here we're able to use some JPQL
to construct a query.
So it's very SQL like
but it does use the object model.
So we're going to get c which is an alias
that we're going to create from
and then we specify the name
of the entity that we would like to get
and this will cause all of the CatalogItems
to be selected from our database.
Now, we can strongly type this call
by supplying a second argument.
So it simply wants to know the type
of the entity.
So we just provide the class
and then we execute the getResultList
and that's going to return a collection of CatalogItems.
So now we're pulling that from the database
as opposed to a list.
Okay, and then for the addItem method,
we can also use the EntityManager
in order to store an item within the database.
So we will be inserting a CatalogItem
and the way we do that
is by using the persist method
and that's going to persist a new entity
into our database.
So we just pass the object into that method
and that's all there is to it.
It's going to generate the SELECT statements on our behalf.
It's going to generate the INSERT statements
and as a developer,
we're pretty much just working with the object model.
Now, the neat part about this
is our EJB is being used
by our CatalogItemFormBean
and because we've only modified the implementation
as opposed to the interface,
there's really no changes here.
The only thing that we need to do
is adjust the scope of this bean.
We did have it as a session bean
but that's only because we wanted to maintain that state
across the different calls we made.
Now with the CatalogItems being stored
within the database,
the persistence and the state has moved down
to our relational database.
So with that in place,
let's go ahead, save everything
and now we can run our application.
So I'll right click on our ear.
Project, go to Run As and then Run.
That's going to start our application.
We see the console spin up.
And we can start heading over to a browser at this point.
So I'll just go into Chrome.
So now within the browser,
we can access the application.
Let's add a new product to the catalog
and we can say this product
is going to be goggles
and the goggles are going to be manufactured
by Great Goggles.
And then we can say they're going to be available
on January 10th of 2019
and we'll just say these are very durable.
And then from here, we can go ahead
and submit our product
and there you see the product winds up in our data table
and it was persisted to our underlying relational database.
And you'll recall that we didn't need
to write any SQL in order to insert that CatalogItem
into the database.
That was all handled by JPA.